Adapted from "The Colors of Animals" by Sir John Lubbock in A Book of Natural History (1902, ed. David Starr Jordan)

The color of animals is by no means a matter of chance; it depends on many considerations, but in the majority of cases tends to protect
the animal from danger by rendering it less conspicuous. Perhaps it may be said that if coloring is mainly protective,
there ought to be but few brightly colored animals. There are, however, not a few cases in which vivid colors are themselves protective. 
The kingfisher itself, though so brightly colored, is by no means easy to see. The blue harmonizes with the water, and the bird as it darts along the stream
looks almost like a flash of sunlight. Desert animals are generally the color of the desert. Thus, for instance, the lion, the antelope,
and the wild donkey are all sand-colored. “Indeed,” says Canon Tristram, “in the desert, where neither trees, brushwood, nor even undulation of the surface
afford the slightest protection to its foes, a modification of color assimilated to that of the surrounding country is absolutely necessary.
Hence, without exception, the upper plumage of every bird, and also the fur of all the smaller mammals and the skin of all the snakes and lizards, is of
one uniform sand color.” The next point is the color of the mature caterpillars, some of which are brown. This probably makes the caterpillar even more conspicuous
among the green leaves than would otherwise be the case. Let us see, then, whether the habits of the insect will throw any light upon the riddle. What would you
do if you were a big caterpillar? Why, like most other defenseless creatures, you would feed by night, and lie concealed by day. So do these caterpillars.
When the morning light comes, they creep down the stem of the food plant, and lie concealed among the thick herbage and dry sticks and leaves, near the ground,
and it is obvious that under such circumstances the brown color really becomes a protection. It might indeed be argued that the caterpillars, having become brown,
concealed themselves on the ground, and that we were reversing the state of things. But this is not so, because, while we may say as a general rule that large 
caterpillars feed by night and lie concealed by day, it is by no means always the case that they are brown; some of them still retaining the green color. 
We may then conclude that the habit of concealing themselves by day came first, and that the brown color is a later adaptation.


Debbie had taken George for granted for more than fifteen years now. He wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue,
but he decided that now was the time. He looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door. He lifted the
bottle to his lips and took a sip of the drink. He had tasted this before, but he couldn't quite remember the time and place it had happened. He desperately
searched his mind trying to locate and remember where he had tasted this when the bicycle ran over his foot. The house was located at the top of the hill at 
the end of a winding road. It wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. They were just all too afraid to ever go and 
see it in person. Although Scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. They had been friends as long as he could remember and not once
had he had to protest that something Joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. Scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine 
as Joe continued to apologize. Scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same. The shades were closed
keeping the room dark. Peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. Nothing had
gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. He stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from 
the reality of the world for the rest of the day.


Dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. He ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. 
He wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. The first was how to get out of his current situation of being 
naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down. He stepped away from the mic. This was the best take he had done so far, but something seemed 
missing. Then it struck him all at once. Visuals ran in front of his eyes and music rang in his ears. His eager fingers went to work in an attempt to capture his thoughts 
hoping the results would produce something that was at least half their glory. Josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. He knew it inside out and if there
was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, Josh would be the one to call. The problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew
it. Years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic. The desert wind blew the tumbleweed in front of the
car. Alex swerved to avoid the tumbleweed, but he turned the wheel a bit too strong and the car left the road and skidded onto the dirt median. He instantly slammed on the brakes
and the car stopped in a cloud of dirt. When the dust cloud had settled and he could see around him again, he realized that he'd somehow crossed over into an entirely new
dimension. Don't be scared. The things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves. They are just unknown at the moment.
Take the time to know them before you list them as scary. Then the world will be a much less scary place for you.

Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair. They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes. She was rather handsome than beautiful. Her face was
captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features. Her manner was engaging. The computer wouldn't start. She banged on the
side and tried again. Nothing. She lifted it up and dropped it to the table. Still nothing. She banged her closed fist against the top. It was at this moment she saw the irony 
of trying to fix the machine with violence.
END.